Document the export user data command. (#14883)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/administration/admin_faq.md

SELECT NAME from users;
```

How can I export user data?
---
Export data of specific user by running a python script that exports data and takes in user_id and config file as arguments.

> ```python -m synapse.app.admin_cmd -c <config_file> export-data <user_id>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
python -m synapse.app.admin_cmd -c <config_file> export-data <user_id>
```

SELECT NAME from users;
```

How can I export user data?
---

> Export data of specific user by running a python script that exports data and takes in user_id and config file as arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Synapse includes a Python command to export data for a specific user. It takes the homeserver
configuration file and the full Matrix ID of the user to export:
```
